"Incipias: Help the Stranded" description (#10484)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/incipias/incipias first contact.txt

mission "Incipias: Help The Stranded 1"
	landing

> 	name "Go to the Incipias"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	name "Seek help from the Incipias"
```
"Go to" seems a bit bland.

> 	description "Go to the Incipias planet <planet>, in the <system> system, to see what they have to say about helping a disabled Incipias ship."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Ask the Incipias for help to save one of their ships."
```
The Quarg don't tell you where to go to, and they are quite reluctant to let you go at all. Also, you land on a station, not a planet. And even if you landed on a planet, `<destination>` would be the appropriate way to say it.

Author: (but I wanted a comma)

			not "Incipias: Help The Stranded 1: offered"
	on offer
		fail
		dialog `You identify the stranded alien ship you assisted earlier on your scanners, but with no way to communicate with them you are unable to to help. You have no choice but to leave them to their doom on this stormy world.`

mission "Incipias: Help The Stranded 2"
	landing

> 	name "Take Incipias back to <planet>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	name "Bring Incipias back to <planet>"
```

> 	description "You rescued some Incipias on <origin>. Take them back to <destination>, their home."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "Bring the rescued Incipias back home to <destination>"
```
